Enable logger connector re-design (#7891)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

    * `trainer.{logged,progress_bar,callback}_metrics` are now updated on-demand ([#7882](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7882))
    * Completely overhaul the `Result` object in favor of `ResultMetric` ([#7882](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7882))
    * Improve epoch-level reduction time and overall memory usage ([#7882](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7882))
    * Allow passing `self.log(batch_size=...)` ([#7891](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7891))

>     * Each of the training loops now keeps its own metrics ([#7891](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7891))

Author: ```suggestion
    * Each of the training loops now keeps its own results collection ([#7891](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/7891))
```
